there's a simple tactic that'll get you
your first ten thousand youtube
subscribers hey everyone i'm neil patel
and today i'm gonna break down how long
did it take me to get my first 10 000
subscribers and how you can too with one
winning tactic that got me there
now out of curiosity how long do you
think it took me to get my first 10 000
subscribers leave a comment let me know
you think it took me six weeks eight
months ten years
not ten years my channel's not that old
maybe one year two years
take a guess
at this point i'm over a million so
maybe that'll give you a rough hit
it took me roughly eight months to get
my first 10 000 subscribers and i had to
test a few different tactics to get
there it definitely wasn't easy for me
but for you it will be easy here's a
tactic that no one talks about to get
your kickstart see you could be like
neil you already have an audience you
have all this email list you have these
social followers it's easy for you
back then it wasn't and i tested out
quite a few and i'm going to break them
down and i'll tell you the easiest one
tactic number one paid youtube ads at
first i thought that paid ads were great
i was getting an average of 323
000 views per month
but the problem
that level engagement that i was getting
from those paid ads it just wasn't ideal
people were going they weren't engaging
dropping off my retention rates were too
low the viewers were watching only on
average 50 of my short videos
right they were watching only a few
minutes worth before they were dropping
off
on top of that only point two percent
not even one percent point two percent
of my viewers were subscribing to my
channel i was getting tons of views
grossing 970 000 views
and
and that was just from ads it took me
eight months to just get 1.2 million
views but i got all those views just
from ads really quickly but those ad
views only got me a thousand five
hundred subscribers during that time the
worst part when i stopped my youtube ads
my views tanked and i got almost zero
traction from all the money i spent on
ads in the aftermath the bottom line is
that experiment helped me get a bulk of
my views in that short period of time
but it didn't create long-term gains i
just spent a ton of money and literally
flushed it down the toilet and when i
say spend a lot of money i'm not talking
about a thousand dollars i'm talking
about tens and tens and tens of
thousands of dollars
that's how i got to tactic number two
which was releasing one video per day
i know you're thinking neil you're crazy
one video per day that's hard to keep
with and you're right it wasn't easy to
keep up with that production pace but
the results of this second experiment
were great for the first time i was
getting a lot of new subscribers every
day just so you have idea i was able to
get 8.5 000 subscribers in the four
month time frame though my view count
wasn't as impressive i wanted to build
up my channel subscribers base so that
way i can maintain higher view counts in
the future
not only that pushing out new content
every day allowing me to understand what
my audience really wanted to learn and
what they didn't want which and then
gave me the opportunity to double down
on the winning ideas and get more
traction so what i learned during that
time is and you can model after this is
produce videos each and every single day
when you're starting when you produce
those videos make sure you put in the
right keywords in the title
in the description and use ubersuggest
to show you what keywords are popular it
even shows you them for youtube as well
has all that data in there now within
the first 30 seconds of your video you
need to tell people to subscribe within
the first 10 seconds of the video you
need to hook people so that they want to
keep watching the rest of your videos
and when you do this you'll get more
subscribers you'll eventually rank and
you'll do well the other strategy i have
for you is when you release the videos
send out an email blast a push
notification promote the youtube video
on other social channels attempt to go
to youtube even though the other social
channels hate it it's a good start and
what i mean by that is i'm not talking
about a wall post i'm talking about
messaging other people on these social
channels that you already have friends
and fans and that'll help you get more
traction if you do this you'll figure
out what works on youtube and then after
30 day time window what you can do is
start creating less videos i do three
times a week and you create the videos
that create the most engagement the most
subscribers because you have data from
your first 30 days if you don't have
enough data for your first 30 days
create 60 days worth of content go hard
for two months and then slow it down and
then focus on quality that's how you get
your first 10 000 subscribers super fast
if you need help with your youtube
marketing check out my ad agency np
digital if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell the people about it if
you have questions leave a comment i'm
here to help you out thank you for
watching